Introduce a new env variable to allow spaces in home path (#1446)
pypa/pipx: docs/troubleshooting.md

If you have a `pipx` version later than 1.2.0 and want to migrate from the old path to the new paths, you can move the
`~/.local/pipx` directory to the new location (after removing cache, log, and trash directories which will get recreated
automatically) and then reinstall all packages.

Please refer to [Installation](installation.md#moving-your-pipx-installation) on how to move it.

> ## Warning: Found a space in the pipx home path

Reviewer: Since this is documented here, now, we should replace the link pointing to the GH discussion at [this paragraph](https://pipx--1446.org.readthedocs.build/1446/installation/#installation-options).

Author: 100%

### Why are spaces in the `PIPX_HOME` path bad

The main reason we can't support paths with spaces is that shebangs don't support spaces in the interpreter path. All applications installed via `pipx` are installed via `pip`, which creates a script with a shebang at the top, defining the interpreter of the `venv` to use.

`pip` does some magic to the shebang for scripts defined as a `script`, that resolves this issue. Unfortunately, many libraries define their scripts as `console_scripts`, where `pip` does not perform this logic. Therefore, these scripts cannot be run if installed with `pipx` in a path with spaces, as the path to the `venv` and therefore the interpreter to use will contain spaces.

If you want to use a script installed via pipx in a shebang itself (common for example for the aws cli), you run into a similar problem, as the path to the installed script will contain a space.

### How to fix

You can generally fix this by using our default locations, as long as your `$HOME` path does not contain spaces.
Please refer to our [Installation](installation.md#moving-your-pipx-installation) docs on how to move the `pipx` installation.

> If you're really sure you want to stick to your path with spaces, you can set the `PIPX_HOME_ALLOW_SPACE` environment variable to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're really sure you want to stick to your path with spaces, to suppress the warning set the `PIPX_HOME_ALLOW_SPACE` environment variable to `true`.
```
